Let's go see the vice president now.
Your good days are over. original intention,
You need to think clearly.
If you meet the vice president later, your lies will be exposed.
How will you ask at the company in the future? Li Jiajia,
Are you feeling guilty? All in all, it will definitely be done for me.
Kick you out of Fushi Group.
This leaves you with no room to form a group throughout the night, not even in Jiangcheng.
Li Jiajia, just apologize to those who don’t have enough original intentions.
Faced with these hopeless disasters.
Yes, Vice President Dong Luo reports another big shot.
It will destroy your way out
Are you provoking his wife now?
Be careful not to be able to contain his anger in the car
Anyway, he has two sons
I can’t leave the certificate service of Duanzuo in my bank.
Bijiao taught him what Mu Chenghu did to bully
You have to help me teach him a lesson